# Fantastic Object

If I wasn't limited by time, technology, or money, I would want to build myself a mode of personal transportation like a powered longboard. As someone that lives and studies in New York, I am either walking or taking the train, and there are some trips I make on my daily commute that take an inconvenient amount of time to walk, or an equally inconvenient train ride. (Usually anywhere between 1-2 miles). Having a longboard would be more optimal than a bike or roller-skates because it balances portability with control. It would be something I could ride somewhere and then store it without it being a huge inconvenience or obstacle. 

The board would be controlled by a remote held in the user's hand, controlling a motor connected by belt to the back wheels of the board. For safety reasons, if the board were to lose connection with the remote, it would have safety measures that would automatically slow the board down to a safe stop. A remote would be more desirable than an interface with petals or buttons on the board controlled by feet for better balance and control. The power would come from some sort of battery (or batteries) underneath the deck and would be charged with a cable rather than having to change-out batteries manually. 

I imagine this product would get a lot of use from college students, but in New York specifically, it would also make use of the city's efficient, bike-friendly infrastructure, making traffic wait times significantly less than using a car or ride-share service. Also, at any large college campus where student's cars are either not allowed (which is common for a lot of college freshmen) or permission to use a car on campus is expensive, this would make commuting between campus buildings much more efficient. 
